---
id: 8c952d6f-7d6b-4b57-a029-448d68f801fd
---
## windows查看端口号占用：`netstat -ano | findstr [端口号]`

# PyTorch
#pytorch
## 查看pytorch安装是否成功：
1. 确保至少安装了PyTorch：`python -c "import torch; print(torch.__version__)"`
2. 查找安装PyTorch的CUDA版本：`python -c "import torch; print(torch.version.cuda)"`
3. 确认PyTorch CUDA（GPU版本）是否可用：`python -c "import torch; print(torch.cuda.is_available())"`

# Anaconda
#conda
## 取消打开命令行进入默认anaconda的环境：`conda config --set auto_activate_base false`

## 利用anaconda云进行环境备份或分享：
 参考[sharing environments](https://docs.anaconda.com/anacondaorg/user-guide/getting-started/#sharing-environments)
To share an environment on Anaconda.org:
1.  See the [conda user guide](https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-environments.html#creating-an-environment-with-commands) to create and save a conda environment. Open the Terminal or an Anaconda Prompt and enter:
    `conda env export -n my-environment -f my-environment.yml`
    NOTE: Replace `my-environment` with the actual name of your environment.
    
2.  Upload it to Anaconda.org either using the web interface or the `anaconda upload` command.
    -   Using the web interface:
        Go to `https://anaconda.org/USERNAME/environments`.
        NOTE: Replace `USERNAME` with your username.
        In the top right corner use the Upload button to upload your environment.
    -   Using the `anaconda upload` command from the Terminal window or an Anaconda Prompt:
        `anaconda upload my-environment.yml`
        NOTE: Replace `my-environment` with the actual name of your environment.
        
3.  You can see a list of your uploaded environments at:
    http://envs.anaconda.org/<USERNAME>
    NOTE: Replace `<USERNAME>` with your username.
    
4.  Anyone can download and install your environment from Anaconda.org.
    -   Using the web interface:
        Go to `https://anaconda.org/USERNAME/environments`.
        NOTE: Replace `USERNAME` with the username.
        Select the environment, click the Files tab, and under the Names field click the file to download.
    -   Using the Terminal or an Anaconda Prompt:
        `conda env create user/my-environment`
        `source activate my-environment`
    NOTE: Replace `my-environment` with the actual name of your environment.



